README.md, before:

# Awesome Next.js [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/unicodeveloper-approved-brightgreen.svg)

[<img src="http://res.cloudinary.com/unicodeveloper/image/upload/v1524776764/next-jslogo.svg" align="right" width="250">](https://github.com/zeit/next.js)

> Curated list of resources: books, videos, articles about using Next.js.

[Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js) is a minimalistic framework for server-rendered React applications.

*List inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing. You might also like [awesome-tdd](https://github.com/unicodeveloper/awesome-tdd).*

## Contents
- [Community](#community)
- [Essentials](#essentials)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Boilerplates](#boilerplates)
- [Extensions](#extensions)
- [Apps](#apps)
- [Videos](#videos)

## Community
* [Slack](https://zeit.chat)
* [GitHub](https://github.com/zeit/next.js)
* [Spectrum](https://spectrum.chat/next-js)

## Essentials
* [Blog](https://zeit.co/blog/next)
* [Learn](https://learnnextjs.com/)
* [Zeit TV](https://zeit.co/tv)

## Articles
 * [Build a Universal JavaScript App with Next.js](https://auth0.com/blog/building-universal-apps-with-nextjs)
 * [Getting Started with Next.js — Setting Up Your App](https://labs.redantler.com/getting-started-with-next-js-article-one-a1d9780ea9e0#.863nl4wnq)
 * [Getting Started with Next.js — Bringing Data In](https://labs.redantler.com/getting-started-with-next-js-bringing-data-in-bf40558698e2#.twjv5xk5w)
 * [How to build a Next.js React Universal App](https://medium.com/cosmicjs/how-to-build-a-next-js-react-universal-app-e610a0bc2124#.b8ayt9f39)
 * [Next on Next.js](https://jsmantra.com/next-on-next-js-1a134505f346#.sf2f64u4r)
 * [Accept payments on your site with nextjs, stripe, and micro](https://hackernoon.com/accept-payments-on-your-site-with-nextjs-stripe-and-micro-371de95b22d5?source=activity---post_recommended)
 * [Next.js on Cloud Functions for Firebase with Firebase Hosting](https://medium.com/@jthegedus/next-js-on-cloud-functions-for-firebase-with-firebase-hosting-7911465298f2)
 * [Building a Blog With Next.js](https://timber.io/blog/building-a-blog-with-next-js)
 * [Using Google Analytics with Next.js](https://malloc.fi/using-google-analytics-with-next-js)
 * [Build a Universal JavaScript App with Next.js and Redux _[Russian]_](https://habrahabr.ru/post/323588/)
 * [Next.js — React Server Side Rendering Done Right](https://hackernoon.com/next-js-react-server-side-rendering-done-right-f9700078a3b6)
 * [5 (of the Many Reasons) to love Zeit's Next.js](https://www.codementor.io/tgreco/5-of-the-many-things-to-love-about-zeit-s-next-js-bpszu99g1)
 * [Next.js 5: Universal Webpack, CSS Imports, Plugins and Zones](https://zeit.co/blog/next5)


## Boilerplates
* [NextJS in Firebase with Bootstrap](https://github.com/ananddayalan/nextjs-in-firebase-with-bootstrap) - Hosting NextJS app with Bootstrap in Firebase with Cloud Functions.
* [Next Simple Starter](https://github.com/ooade/NextSimpleStarter) - Simple PWA boilerplate with Next.js and Redux.
* [NextJS Starter](https://github.com/iaincollins/nextjs-starter) - Starter project for Next.js with and email and oAuth authentication.
* [RAN!](https://github.com/sly777/ran) - Production-ready boilerplate with support for GraphQL, SSR, Hot-reload, CSS-in-JS, caching, and more.
* [Next Simple Blog](https://github.com/tscanlin/next-blog) - Simple Markdown based blog built with Next.js with static exports.
* [Create-Next-App](https://open.segment.com/create-next-app) - Fork of Facebook's create-react-app to create a next application.
* [phox](https://github.com/herschel666/phox) - Create a static photo blog.
* [Next Express Bootstrap Boilerplate](https://github.com/MustansirZia/next-express-bootstrap-boilerplate) - Boilerplate for a full stack app built using Next, Express, react-bootstrap, SCSS and SSR with eslint.
* [Next Blog Firestore](https://github.com/suevalov/next-blog-firestore) - Blog with simple CMS built with Next.js, Firebase Firestore, styled-components and mobx-state-tree.
* [Next Redux Starter](https://github.com/CodementorIO/nextjs-redux-starter) - Next.js starter with Express, Redux, and PostCSS.
* [Staart](https://github.com/nmaro/staart) - 😎 Actively maintained Next.js components library *and* minimal boilerplate to rapidly get staarted with app with working user accounts based on Ooth.
* [NextJS TypeScript Starter Kit](https://github.com/deptno/next.js-typescript-starter-kit) - :tada: TypeScript + NextJS@5, Styled-jsx, Redux, PostCSS, configurable SEO
* [Next Boilerplate](https://arefaslani.github.io/next-boilerplate) - External CSS and Sass + Importing images from anywhere + Prettier and Eslint + Environment variables and many more features.
* [next-starter](https://github.com/YuriBrunetto/next-starter) - A full and simple boilerplate with `sass (.scss)` and `postcss`built in.

## Extensions
* [Next Routes](https://github.com/fridays/next-routes) - Universal named routes for Next.js.
* [Next-Pkg](https://github.com/onready/next-pkg) - Extended Next.js server with [pkg](https://github.com/zeit/pkg) support.
* [Next Plugins](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins) - A curated list of plugins for Webpack and Next.js
* [Next Plugin Graphql](https://github.com/lfades/next-plugin-graphql) - Next.js plugin for .graphql and .gql files using graphql-tag
* [Next With Apollo](https://github.com/lfades/next-with-apollo) - Apollo Graphql integration for Next.js

## Apps
* [Nextgram](https://github.com/zeit/nextgram) - Sample Next.js app for showing off its capabilities.
* [NextJS GOT](https://github.com/auth0-blog/nextjs-got) - Simple Next.js application that showcases Game of Thrones Characters.
* [Next Episode](https://github.com/timneutkens/next-episode) - Sample Next.js app showing movie episodes.
* [Relate](https://github.com/RelateNow/relate) - Mindfulness community - React, GraphQL, Next.js.
* [Next News](https://github.com/now-examples/next-news) - HackerNews written in Next.js.
* [Password](https://github.com/dotcypress/password) - One password, right way.
* [Next Todos](https://github.com/lipp/next-todos) - Todo list written in Next.js.
* [Hacker News](https://github.com/lipp/hackernews) - Another Hacker News written in Next.js.
* [Jet Chat](https://github.com/lipp/jet-chat) - Jet and Next.js powered Chat demo.
* [Nextgram](https://github.com/arunoda/nextgram) - Sample Next.js v2 app for showing off its capabilities.
* [Rauchg Blog](https://github.com/rauchg/blog) - Blog built by a Next.js core maintainer.
* [Next JPH](https://github.com/renatorib/next-jph) - JsonPlaceholder sample app made with Next.js.
* [Mailto](https://github.com/dawsbot/mailto) - HTML mailto's made easy.
* [Plate](https://github.com/knipferrc/plate) - The task management app to rule them all.
* [Dashboard](https://github.com/danielbayerlein/dashboard) - Create your own team dashboard with custom widgets.
* [Snape](https://github.com/ritz078/snape) - A torrent client to search, stream and download torrents.
* [Trello Resume](https://github.com/juliandavidmr/TrelloResume) - Converts trello data into fast read information.
* [Server Authentication with JWT](https://github.com/estrada9166/server-authentication-next.js) - Server authentication, prevent render before validation.
* [Alexander Kachkaev’s website](https://gitlab.com/kachkaev/website-frontend/) – personal homepage built with Next.js, GraphQL, Docker and Kubernetes. Uses apollo client, react-intl, styled-components and recompose. Docker images are automatically built by GitLab CI.
* [Cookie handler with server render](https://github.com/estrada9166/cookie-handler-next.js) - Cookie handler with server render, access the cookie before render.
* [Gank](https://github.com/OrangeXC/gank) - A Next.js App use gank-api, mobx and antd
* [Decoupled CMS example with GraphQL and Next.js](https://github.com/janit/decoupled-cms-nextjs-graphql)
* [DS](https://github.com/divyenduz/ds) - Personal site manager.
* [Mozilla VR Home](https://vr.mozilla.org/) - Mozilla VR Home
* [Elton John's website](https://www.eltonjohn.com) - Elton John's Website
* [IOTA's Data Market Place](https://data.iota.org/) - IOTA Market Place
* [magicleap.com](https://www.magicleap.com/) - Magic Leap
* [NPM.js Search Page](https://www.npmjs.com/search) - NPM's Search Page
* [Docker Success Center](https://success.docker.com) - Docker Success Center


## Videos

* [Create your first ReactJS application with NextJS _[Spanish]_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Ft5LxPeWs)
* [React Server Side Rendering with NextJS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEBkh_vleTs&t)
* [Guillermo Rauch - Next.js by Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLGJfa3Xv-0)
* [Guillermo Rauch - Next.js: Universal React Made Easy and Simple](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evaMpdSiZKk)
* [Introduction to Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fnw3lNeH-XI)
* [Next.js in production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6rETZH6Ym0)
* [Parameterized Routing with Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cJya4h5ync)
* [JSHeroes 2017 | Guillermo Rauch - Static and Dynamic Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLNJsuXB4CI)
* [Programming the Universal Future with Next.js - Guillermo Rauch · JSConf China 2017](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9Or7B4kTRY)
* [BPJS: Special - Introduction to Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cfozXTyjWQ)
* [Next for Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms2aOV06_qk)
* [Data Management With Next.js and GraphQL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_LA1quUIi8)
* [Next.js Register User](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ60Grn4RYQ)
* [Next.js Crash Course - Server Side React](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkOVe40Sy0U)

## Contributing
Found an awesome package, article, blog, video etc.? Send me a pull request! Just follow the [guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md). Thank you!

---
**Check out my [blog](https://goodheads.io) or say *hi* on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/unicodeveloper).**

## License
[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

Commit message:

Added Hands On Next.js  book to Books category

README.md, after:

# Awesome Next.js [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/unicodeveloper-approved-brightgreen.svg)

[<img src="http://res.cloudinary.com/unicodeveloper/image/upload/v1524776764/next-jslogo.svg" align="right" width="250">](https://github.com/zeit/next.js)

> Curated list of resources: books, videos, articles about using Next.js.

[Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js) is a minimalistic framework for server-rendered React applications.

*List inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing. You might also like [awesome-tdd](https://github.com/unicodeveloper/awesome-tdd).*

## Contents
- [Community](#community)
- [Essentials](#essentials)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Boilerplates](#boilerplates)
- [Extensions](#extensions)
- [Apps](#apps)
- [Books](#books)
- [Videos](#videos)

## Community
* [Slack](https://zeit.chat)
* [GitHub](https://github.com/zeit/next.js)
* [Spectrum](https://spectrum.chat/next-js)

## Essentials
* [Blog](https://zeit.co/blog/next)
* [Learn](https://learnnextjs.com/)
* [Zeit TV](https://zeit.co/tv)

## Articles
 * [Build a Universal JavaScript App with Next.js](https://auth0.com/blog/building-universal-apps-with-nextjs)
 * [Getting Started with Next.js — Setting Up Your App](https://labs.redantler.com/getting-started-with-next-js-article-one-a1d9780ea9e0#.863nl4wnq)
 * [Getting Started with Next.js — Bringing Data In](https://labs.redantler.com/getting-started-with-next-js-bringing-data-in-bf40558698e2#.twjv5xk5w)
 * [How to build a Next.js React Universal App](https://medium.com/cosmicjs/how-to-build-a-next-js-react-universal-app-e610a0bc2124#.b8ayt9f39)
 * [Next on Next.js](https://jsmantra.com/next-on-next-js-1a134505f346#.sf2f64u4r)
 * [Accept payments on your site with nextjs, stripe, and micro](https://hackernoon.com/accept-payments-on-your-site-with-nextjs-stripe-and-micro-371de95b22d5?source=activity---post_recommended)
 * [Next.js on Cloud Functions for Firebase with Firebase Hosting](https://medium.com/@jthegedus/next-js-on-cloud-functions-for-firebase-with-firebase-hosting-7911465298f2)
 * [Building a Blog With Next.js](https://timber.io/blog/building-a-blog-with-next-js)
 * [Using Google Analytics with Next.js](https://malloc.fi/using-google-analytics-with-next-js)
 * [Build a Universal JavaScript App with Next.js and Redux _[Russian]_](https://habrahabr.ru/post/323588/)
 * [Next.js — React Server Side Rendering Done Right](https://hackernoon.com/next-js-react-server-side-rendering-done-right-f9700078a3b6)
 * [5 (of the Many Reasons) to love Zeit's Next.js](https://www.codementor.io/tgreco/5-of-the-many-things-to-love-about-zeit-s-next-js-bpszu99g1)
 * [Next.js 5: Universal Webpack, CSS Imports, Plugins and Zones](https://zeit.co/blog/next5)


## Boilerplates
* [NextJS in Firebase with Bootstrap](https://github.com/ananddayalan/nextjs-in-firebase-with-bootstrap) - Hosting NextJS app with Bootstrap in Firebase with Cloud Functions.
* [Next Simple Starter](https://github.com/ooade/NextSimpleStarter) - Simple PWA boilerplate with Next.js and Redux.
* [NextJS Starter](https://github.com/iaincollins/nextjs-starter) - Starter project for Next.js with and email and oAuth authentication.
* [RAN!](https://github.com/sly777/ran) - Production-ready boilerplate with support for GraphQL, SSR, Hot-reload, CSS-in-JS, caching, and more.
* [Next Simple Blog](https://github.com/tscanlin/next-blog) - Simple Markdown based blog built with Next.js with static exports.
* [Create-Next-App](https://open.segment.com/create-next-app) - Fork of Facebook's create-react-app to create a next application.
* [phox](https://github.com/herschel666/phox) - Create a static photo blog.
* [Next Express Bootstrap Boilerplate](https://github.com/MustansirZia/next-express-bootstrap-boilerplate) - Boilerplate for a full stack app built using Next, Express, react-bootstrap, SCSS and SSR with eslint.
* [Next Blog Firestore](https://github.com/suevalov/next-blog-firestore) - Blog with simple CMS built with Next.js, Firebase Firestore, styled-components and mobx-state-tree.
* [Next Redux Starter](https://github.com/CodementorIO/nextjs-redux-starter) - Next.js starter with Express, Redux, and PostCSS.
* [Staart](https://github.com/nmaro/staart) - 😎 Actively maintained Next.js components library *and* minimal boilerplate to rapidly get staarted with app with working user accounts based on Ooth.
* [NextJS TypeScript Starter Kit](https://github.com/deptno/next.js-typescript-starter-kit) - :tada: TypeScript + NextJS@5, Styled-jsx, Redux, PostCSS, configurable SEO
* [Next Boilerplate](https://arefaslani.github.io/next-boilerplate) - External CSS and Sass + Importing images from anywhere + Prettier and Eslint + Environment variables and many more features.
* [next-starter](https://github.com/YuriBrunetto/next-starter) - A full and simple boilerplate with `sass (.scss)` and `postcss`built in.

## Extensions
* [Next Routes](https://github.com/fridays/next-routes) - Universal named routes for Next.js.
* [Next-Pkg](https://github.com/onready/next-pkg) - Extended Next.js server with [pkg](https://github.com/zeit/pkg) support.
* [Next Plugins](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins) - A curated list of plugins for Webpack and Next.js
* [Next Plugin Graphql](https://github.com/lfades/next-plugin-graphql) - Next.js plugin for .graphql and .gql files using graphql-tag
* [Next With Apollo](https://github.com/lfades/next-with-apollo) - Apollo Graphql integration for Next.js

## Apps
* [Nextgram](https://github.com/zeit/nextgram) - Sample Next.js app for showing off its capabilities.
* [NextJS GOT](https://github.com/auth0-blog/nextjs-got) - Simple Next.js application that showcases Game of Thrones Characters.
* [Next Episode](https://github.com/timneutkens/next-episode) - Sample Next.js app showing movie episodes.
* [Relate](https://github.com/RelateNow/relate) - Mindfulness community - React, GraphQL, Next.js.
* [Next News](https://github.com/now-examples/next-news) - HackerNews written in Next.js.
* [Password](https://github.com/dotcypress/password) - One password, right way.
* [Next Todos](https://github.com/lipp/next-todos) - Todo list written in Next.js.
* [Hacker News](https://github.com/lipp/hackernews) - Another Hacker News written in Next.js.
* [Jet Chat](https://github.com/lipp/jet-chat) - Jet and Next.js powered Chat demo.
* [Nextgram](https://github.com/arunoda/nextgram) - Sample Next.js v2 app for showing off its capabilities.
* [Rauchg Blog](https://github.com/rauchg/blog) - Blog built by a Next.js core maintainer.
* [Next JPH](https://github.com/renatorib/next-jph) - JsonPlaceholder sample app made with Next.js.
* [Mailto](https://github.com/dawsbot/mailto) - HTML mailto's made easy.
* [Plate](https://github.com/knipferrc/plate) - The task management app to rule them all.
* [Dashboard](https://github.com/danielbayerlein/dashboard) - Create your own team dashboard with custom widgets.
* [Snape](https://github.com/ritz078/snape) - A torrent client to search, stream and download torrents.
* [Trello Resume](https://github.com/juliandavidmr/TrelloResume) - Converts trello data into fast read information.
* [Server Authentication with JWT](https://github.com/estrada9166/server-authentication-next.js) - Server authentication, prevent render before validation.
* [Alexander Kachkaev’s website](https://gitlab.com/kachkaev/website-frontend/) – personal homepage built with Next.js, GraphQL, Docker and Kubernetes. Uses apollo client, react-intl, styled-components and recompose. Docker images are automatically built by GitLab CI.
* [Cookie handler with server render](https://github.com/estrada9166/cookie-handler-next.js) - Cookie handler with server render, access the cookie before render.
* [Gank](https://github.com/OrangeXC/gank) - A Next.js App use gank-api, mobx and antd
* [Decoupled CMS example with GraphQL and Next.js](https://github.com/janit/decoupled-cms-nextjs-graphql)
* [DS](https://github.com/divyenduz/ds) - Personal site manager.
* [Mozilla VR Home](https://vr.mozilla.org/) - Mozilla VR Home
* [Elton John's website](https://www.eltonjohn.com) - Elton John's Website
* [IOTA's Data Market Place](https://data.iota.org/) - IOTA Market Place
* [magicleap.com](https://www.magicleap.com/) - Magic Leap
* [NPM.js Search Page](https://www.npmjs.com/search) - NPM's Search Page
* [Docker Success Center](https://success.docker.com) - Docker Success Center

## Books
* [Hands On Next.js](https://www.honext.io/) - A practical fullstack book on universal (server) rendering for react applications.

## Videos

* [Create your first ReactJS application with NextJS _[Spanish]_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Ft5LxPeWs)
* [React Server Side Rendering with NextJS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEBkh_vleTs&t)
* [Guillermo Rauch - Next.js by Example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLGJfa3Xv-0)
* [Guillermo Rauch - Next.js: Universal React Made Easy and Simple](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evaMpdSiZKk)
* [Introduction to Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fnw3lNeH-XI)
* [Next.js in production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6rETZH6Ym0)
* [Parameterized Routing with Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cJya4h5ync)
* [JSHeroes 2017 | Guillermo Rauch - Static and Dynamic Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLNJsuXB4CI)
* [Programming the Universal Future with Next.js - Guillermo Rauch · JSConf China 2017](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9Or7B4kTRY)
* [BPJS: Special - Introduction to Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cfozXTyjWQ)
* [Next for Next.js](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms2aOV06_qk)
* [Data Management With Next.js and GraphQL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_LA1quUIi8)
* [Next.js Register User](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ60Grn4RYQ)
* [Next.js Crash Course - Server Side React](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkOVe40Sy0U)

## Contributing
Found an awesome package, article, blog, video etc.? Send me a pull request! Just follow the [guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md). Thank you!

---
**Check out my [blog](https://goodheads.io) or say *hi* on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/unicodeveloper).**

## License
[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
